docs/user-guide.md, before:

# Flowdrom User Guide

**Flowdrom** is a web-based tool for creating transaction timing diagrams and sequence charts. It uses JSON-based definitions to generate visual diagrams that can be exported as SVG or PNG files.

## Table of Contents
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Basic Concepts](#basic-concepts)
- [Feature Examples](#feature-examples)
  - [1. Two-Lane Communication](#1-two-lane-communication)
    - [Simple Two-Lane Communication](#simple-two-lane-communication)
    - [Unordered Two-Lane Communication](#unordered-two-lane-communication)
  - [2. Adding States](#2-adding-states)
  - [3. Multi-Lane Systems](#3-multi-lane-systems)
  - [4. Lane Groups](#4-lane-groups)
  - [5. Information Boxes](#5-information-boxes)
  - [6. Complex Transactions](#6-complex-transactions)
  - [7. Legends](#7-legends)
- [JSON Schema Reference](#json-schema-reference)

## Getting Started

1. Open Flowdrom in your web browser
2. Edit the JSON in the top panel to define your diagram
3. Click **"Render"** to generate the visual diagram
4. Use **"Export SVG"** or **"Export PNG"** to save your diagram
5. Use **"Load SVG"** to edit existing diagrams

## Basic Concepts

Flowdrom diagrams consist of:
- **Lanes**: Vertical columns representing entities (processors, agents, memory, etc.)
- **Messages**: Arrows between lanes showing communication
- **States**: Boxes showing state changes within lanes
- **Time**: Horizontal axis showing sequence of events
- **Lane Groups**: Visual grouping of related lanes
- **Info Boxes**: Annotations explaining specific events

## Feature Examples

### 1. Two-Lane Communication
#### simple-two-lane-communication
Let's start with the simplest possible diagram - two entities exchanging a message:

```js
{
  title: 'Basic Request-Response',
  lanes: ['Client', 'Server'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->Server', label: 'Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Server->Client', label: 'Response', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 }
  ]
}
```

![Basic Request-Response](images/01-basic-request-response.svg)

This creates a simple sequence showing a client sending a request to a server and receiving a response.

#### unordered-two-lane-communication
Since flowdrom is not just a sequence graph generator but actually has timing parameters, it opens the possibilities to create unordered sequences / non linear sequences.

```js
{
  title: 'Unordered traffic',
  lanes: ['CA0', 'HN'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'CA0->HN', label: 'RdData(k1)', color: 'red', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 4 },
    { path: 'HN->CA0', label: 'Data (k1)', color: 'red', style: 'solid', fromTime: 4, toTime: 6 },
    { path: 'CA0->HN', label: 'RdData(k2)', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0.5, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'HN->CA0', label: 'Data (k2)', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 7 }
  ]
}
```

![Unordered traffic](images/01-unordered-traffic.svg)

Here source and target sequences are different. 

### 2. Adding States

Now let's add state changes to show what happens inside each entity:

```js
{
  title: 'Request-Response with States',
  lanes: ['Client', 'Server'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->Server', label: 'Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Server->Client', label: 'Response', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 }
  ],
  states: [
    { lane: 'Client', label: 'Waiting', color: 'yellow', fromTime: 1, toTime: 3 },
    { lane: 'Server', label: 'Processing', color: 'orange', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 }
  ]
}
```

![Request response states](images/02-request-response-states.svg)

The states show that the client waits while the server processes the request.

### 3. Multi-Lane Systems

Real systems often involve multiple components. Here's a three-lane system:

```js
{
  title: 'Three-Tier Architecture',
  lanes: ['Frontend', 'Backend', 'Database'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Frontend->Backend', label: 'API Call', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Backend->Database', label: 'Query', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'Database->Backend', label: 'Results', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 3, toTime: 4 },
    { path: 'Backend->Frontend', label: 'JSON Response', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 4, toTime: 5 }
  ],
  states: [
    { lane: 'Backend', label: 'Processing', color: 'yellow', fromTime: 1, toTime: 4 },
    { lane: 'Database', label: 'Query Execution', color: 'cyan', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 }
  ]
}
```

![multi lane diagram](images/03-three-tier-architecture.svg)

This shows a typical web application flow: frontend → backend → database → backend → frontend.

### 4. Lane Groups

For complex systems, you can group related lanes visually:

```js
{
  title: 'Microservices Architecture',
  lanes: ['Client', 'API Gateway', 'Auth Service', 'User Service', 'Database'],
  laneGroups: [
    { label: 'Client Layer', lanes: ['Client'] },
    { label: 'Service Layer', lanes: ['API Gateway','Auth Service','User Service'] },
    { label: 'Data Layer', lanes: ['Database'] }
  ],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->API Gateway', label: 'Login Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'API Gateway->Auth Service', label: 'Validate', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'Auth Service->User Service', label: 'Get User', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 },
    { path: 'User Service->Database', label: 'Query User', color: 'red', style: 'solid', fromTime: 3, toTime: 4 }
  ]
}
```

![grouping lanes together](images/04-microservices-groups.svg)

Lane groups help organize complex diagrams by showing architectural boundaries.

### 5. Information Boxes

Add contextual information with info boxes:

```js
{
  title: 'Error Handling Example',
  lanes: ['Client', 'Server', 'Database'],
  infoBoxes: [
    { lane: 'Server', time: 2, text: 'Connection timeout|Retry with |exponential backoff' },
    { lane: 'Client', time: 4, text: 'Display |error message|to user' }
  ],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->Server', label: 'Data Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Server->Database', label: 'Query', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'Server->Client', label: 'Timeout Error', color: 'red', style: 'dashed', fromTime: 3, toTime: 4 }
  ],
  states: [
    { lane: 'Server', label: 'Error State', color: 'red', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 }
  ]
}
```

![Adding info boxes for clarity](images/05-error-handling-info.svg)

Info boxes provide additional context about what's happening at specific points in time. Use `|` for line breaks in the text.

### 6. Complex Transactions

Here's an advanced example showing 2 new features of lanes by using a different name syntax:
1. Sublanes: these are handy to show a sub component interaction with the system. A lane may have 2 sublanes (one on each side).
The Syntax for a sublane is to use one of the lane names and add a "." concatination either on the left or the right. For example for Lane="HN", a sublane on the right is given by using "HN.MEM" (MEM.HN would place it on the left).

2. Medium: this is handy when describing a medium through a message may pass. This is done using underscores on both sides - "\_Lane\_"

```js
{
  title: 'Cache Coherency Conflict',
  lanes: ['CA0', '_D2D_', 'CA1', 'HN', 'HN.MEM'],
  laneGroups: [
    { label: 'Caching Agents', lanes: ['CA0','CA1'] },
    { label: 'System', lanes: ['HN','HN.MEM'] }
  ],
  infoBoxes: [
    { lane: 'HN', time: 2, text: 'Conflict detected|serialize requests' }
  ],
  messages: [
    { path: 'CA0->HN', label: 'Read|Unique(A)', color: 'red', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'CA1->HN', label: 'Read|Unique(A)', color: 'red', style: 'dashed', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'HN->HN.MEM', label: 'Rd(A)', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 },
    { path: 'HN.MEM->HN', label: 'D(A)', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 4, toTime: 5.5 },
    { path: 'HN->CA1', label: 'SnpInvalid(A)', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 4 },
    { path: 'CA1->HN', label: 'SnpResp(I)', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 4, toTime: 6 },
    { path: 'HN->CA0', label: 'CompData(A)', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 6, toTime: 7 },
    { path: 'HN->CA1', label: 'Retry', color: 'red', style: 'dashed', fromTime: 7, toTime: 8 }
  ],
  states: [
    { lane: 'CA0', label: 'I->UD', color: 'yellow', fromTime: 0, toTime: 0.5 },
    { lane: 'CA1', label: 'S->I', color: 'orange', fromTime: 4, toTime: 4.5 },
    { lane: 'HN', label: 'Conflict', color: 'red', fromTime: 2, toTime: 7 }
  ]
}
```

![advanced graph](images/06-cache-coherency-conflict.svg)

This complex example shows how two caching agents conflict when trying to access the same memory address simultaneously.

### 7. Legends

Add legends to explain your color coding:

```js
{
  title: 'Protocol Messages with Legend',
  lanes: ['Client', 'Router', 'Server'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->Router', label: 'HTTP GET', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Router->Server', label: 'Forward', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'Server->Router', label: 'HTTP 200', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 },
    { path: 'Router->Client', label: 'Response', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 3, toTime: 4 }
  ],
  legend: [
    { label: 'Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid' },
    { label: 'Forward', color: 'green', style: 'solid' },
    { label: 'Response', color: 'purple', style: 'solid' },
    { label: 'Delivery', color: 'orange', style: 'solid' }
  ]
}
```

![legends](images/07-protocol-with-legend.svg)

Legends help readers understand what different colors and line styles represent.

## JSON Schema Reference

### Root Object
```js
{
  title: 'string',           // Diagram title
  lanes: ['string'],         // Array of lane names
  laneGroups: [...],         // Optional lane groupings
  messages: [...],           // Message arrows
  states: [...],             // State changes
  infoBoxes: [...],          // Information annotations
  legend: [...]              // Legend entries
}
```

### Message Object
```js
{
  path: 'Source->Target',    // Lane1->Lane2 format
  label: 'Message text',     // Use | for line breaks
  color: 'red|blue|green|purple|orange', // Message color
  style: 'solid|dashed',     // Line style
  fromTime: 0,               // Start time (number)
  toTime: 1                  // End time (number)
}
```

### State Object
```js
{
  lane: 'LaneName',          // Which lane
  label: 'State Name',       // State description
  color: 'yellow|red|green|blue|orange|cyan', // Background color
  fromTime: 0,               // Start time
  toTime: 1                  // End time
}
```
> Note: state may have a single time (i.e. Start time = End time)

### Lane Group Object
```js
{
  label: 'Group Name',       // Group title
  lanes: ['Lane1', 'Lane2']  // Lanes to group
}
```

### Info Box Object
```js
{
  lane: 'LaneName',          // Which lane to attach to
  time: 2,                   // Time position
  text: 'Info text|Line 2'   // Text with | for line breaks
}
```

### Legend Entry
```js
{
  label: 'Description',      // Legend text
  color: 'red',              // Color to show
  style: 'solid'             // Line style to show
}
```

Commit message:

added message positioning syntax + user guide updates

docs/user-guide.md, after:

# Flowdrom User Guide

**Flowdrom** is a web-based tool for creating transaction timing diagrams and sequence charts. It uses JSON-based definitions to generate visual diagrams that can be exported as SVG or PNG files.

## Table of Contents
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Basic Concepts](#basic-concepts)
- [Feature Examples](#feature-examples)
  - [1. Two-Lane Communication](#1-two-lane-communication)
    - [Simple Two-Lane Communication](#simple-two-lane-communication)
    - [Unordered Two-Lane Communication](#unordered-two-lane-communication)
  - [2. Adding States](#2-adding-states)
  - [3. Multi-Lane Systems](#3-multi-lane-systems)
  - [4. Lane Groups](#4-lane-groups)
  - [5. Information Boxes](#5-information-boxes)
  - [6. Complex Transactions](#6-complex-transactions)
  - [7. Legends](#7-legends)
- [JSON Schema Reference](#json-schema-reference)

## Getting Started

1. Open Flowdrom in your web browser
2. Edit the JSON in the top panel to define your diagram
3. Click **"Render"** to generate the visual diagram
4. Use **"Export SVG"** or **"Export PNG"** to save your diagram
5. Use **"Load SVG"** to edit existing diagrams

## Basic Concepts

Flowdrom diagrams consist of:
- **Lanes**: Vertical columns representing entities (processors, agents, memory, etc.)
- **Messages**: Arrows between lanes showing communication
- **States**: Boxes showing state changes within lanes
- **Time**: Horizontal axis showing sequence of events
- **Lane Groups**: Visual grouping of related lanes
- **Info Boxes**: Annotations explaining specific events

## Feature Examples

### 1. Two-Lane Communication
#### simple-two-lane-communication
Let's start with the simplest possible diagram - two entities exchanging a message:

```js
{
  title: 'Basic Request-Response',
  lanes: ['Client', 'Server'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->Server', label: 'Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Server->Client', label: 'Response', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 }
  ]
}
```

![Basic Request-Response](images/01-basic-request-response.svg)

This creates a simple sequence showing a client sending a request to a server and receiving a response.

#### unordered-two-lane-communication
Since flowdrom is not just a sequence graph generator but actually has timing parameters, it opens the possibilities to create unordered sequences / non linear sequences.

```js
{
  title: 'Unordered traffic',
  lanes: ['CA0', 'HN'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'CA0->HN', label: 'RdData(k1)', color: 'red', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 4 },
    { path: 'HN->CA0', label: 'Data (k1)', color: 'red', style: 'solid', fromTime: 4, toTime: 6 },
    { path: 'CA0->HN', label: 'RdData(k2)', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0.5, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'HN->CA0', label: 'Data (k2)', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 7 }
  ]
}
```

![Unordered traffic](images/01-unordered-traffic.svg)

Here source and target sequences are different. 

#### message label syntax
use '|' to create a multi line message label. In casse of collisions (message label obscures another graph element) you can use leading or trailing spaces to shift the message right or left accordingly along its arrow.

```js
{
  title: 'Request-Response with collision',
  lanes: ['Client', 'Server'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->Server', label: 'Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Client->Server', label: ' ctl|msg', color: 'red', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 4 },
   { path: 'Server->Client', label: 'Response', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 }
  ]
}
```

![message syntax example](images/01-Request-Response-with-collision.svg)

>*message defaults*
>All given examples are full, however:
>If label is omitted the message would be arrow only
>If color is omitted the message would be black
>If style is omitted the style would be solid

### 2. Adding States

Now let's add state changes to show what happens inside each entity:

```js
{
  title: 'Request-Response with States',
  lanes: ['Client', 'Server'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->Server', label: 'Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Server->Client', label: 'Response', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 }
  ],
  states: [
    { lane: 'Client', label: 'Waiting', color: 'yellow', fromTime: 1, toTime: 3 },
    { lane: 'Server', label: 'Processing', color: 'orange', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 }
  ]
}
```

![Request response states](images/02-request-response-states.svg)

The states show that the client waits while the server processes the request.

### 3. Multi-Lane Systems

Real systems often involve multiple components. Here's a three-lane system:

```js
{
  title: 'Three-Tier Architecture',
  lanes: ['Frontend', 'Backend', 'Database'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Frontend->Backend', label: 'API Call', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Backend->Database', label: 'Query', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'Database->Backend', label: 'Results', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 3, toTime: 4 },
    { path: 'Backend->Frontend', label: 'JSON Response', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 4, toTime: 5 }
  ],
  states: [
    { lane: 'Backend', label: 'Processing', color: 'yellow', fromTime: 1, toTime: 4 },
    { lane: 'Database', label: 'Query Execution', color: 'cyan', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 }
  ]
}
```

![multi lane diagram](images/03-three-tier-architecture.svg)

This shows a typical web application flow: frontend → backend → database → backend → frontend.

### 4. Lane Groups

For complex systems, you can group related lanes visually:

```js
{
  title: 'Microservices Architecture',
  lanes: ['Client', 'API Gateway', 'Auth Service', 'User Service', 'Database'],
  laneGroups: [
    { label: 'Client Layer', lanes: ['Client'] },
    { label: 'Service Layer', lanes: ['API Gateway','Auth Service','User Service'] },
    { label: 'Data Layer', lanes: ['Database'] }
  ],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->API Gateway', label: 'Login Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'API Gateway->Auth Service', label: 'Validate', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'Auth Service->User Service', label: 'Get User', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 },
    { path: 'User Service->Database', label: 'Query User', color: 'red', style: 'solid', fromTime: 3, toTime: 4 }
  ]
}
```

![grouping lanes together](images/04-microservices-groups.svg)

Lane groups help organize complex diagrams by showing architectural boundaries.

### 5. Information Boxes

Add contextual information with info boxes:

```js
{
  title: 'Error Handling Example',
  lanes: ['Client', 'Server', 'Database'],
  infoBoxes: [
    { lane: 'Server', time: 2, text: 'Connection timeout|Retry with |exponential backoff' },
    { lane: 'Client', time: 4, text: 'Display |error message|to user' }
  ],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->Server', label: 'Data Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Server->Database', label: 'Query', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'Server->Client', label: 'Timeout Error', color: 'red', style: 'dashed', fromTime: 3, toTime: 4 }
  ],
  states: [
    { lane: 'Server', label: 'Error State', color: 'red', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 }
  ]
}
```

![Adding info boxes for clarity](images/05-error-handling-info.svg)

Info boxes provide additional context about what's happening at specific points in time. Use `|` for line breaks in the text.

### 6. Complex Transactions

Here's an advanced example showing 2 new features of lanes by using a different name syntax:
1. Sublanes: these are handy to show a sub component interaction with the system. A lane may have 2 sublanes (one on each side).
The Syntax for a sublane is to use one of the lane names and add a "." concatination either on the left or the right. For example for Lane="HN", a sublane on the right is given by using "HN.MEM" (MEM.HN would place it on the left).

2. Medium: this is handy when describing a medium through a message may pass. This is done using underscores on both sides - "\_Lane\_"

```js
{
  title: 'Cache Coherency Conflict',
  lanes: ['CA0', '_D2D_', 'CA1', 'HN', 'HN.MEM'],
  laneGroups: [
    { label: 'Caching Agents', lanes: ['CA0','CA1'] },
    { label: 'System', lanes: ['HN','HN.MEM'] }
  ],
  infoBoxes: [
    { lane: 'HN', time: 2, text: 'Conflict detected|serialize requests' }
  ],
  messages: [
    { path: 'CA0->HN', label: 'Read|Unique(A)', color: 'red', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'CA1->HN', label: 'Read|Unique(A)', color: 'red', style: 'dashed', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'HN->HN.MEM', label: 'Rd(A)', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 },
    { path: 'HN.MEM->HN', label: 'D(A)', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 4, toTime: 5.5 },
    { path: 'HN->CA1', label: 'SnpInvalid(A)', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 4 },
    { path: 'CA1->HN', label: 'SnpResp(I)', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 4, toTime: 6 },
    { path: 'HN->CA0', label: 'CompData(A)', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 6, toTime: 7 },
    { path: 'HN->CA1', label: 'Retry', color: 'red', style: 'dashed', fromTime: 7, toTime: 8 }
  ],
  states: [
    { lane: 'CA0', label: 'I->UD', color: 'yellow', fromTime: 0, toTime: 0.5 },
    { lane: 'CA1', label: 'S->I', color: 'orange', fromTime: 4, toTime: 4.5 },
    { lane: 'HN', label: 'Conflict', color: 'red', fromTime: 2, toTime: 7 }
  ]
}
```

![advanced graph](images/06-cache-coherency-conflict.svg)

This complex example shows how two caching agents conflict when trying to access the same memory address simultaneously.

### 7. Legends

Add legends to explain your color coding:

```js
{
  title: 'Protocol Messages with Legend',
  lanes: ['Client', 'Router', 'Server'],
  messages: [
    { path: 'Client->Router', label: 'HTTP GET', color: 'blue', style: 'solid', fromTime: 0, toTime: 1 },
    { path: 'Router->Server', label: 'Forward', color: 'green', style: 'solid', fromTime: 1, toTime: 2 },
    { path: 'Server->Router', label: 'HTTP 200', color: 'purple', style: 'solid', fromTime: 2, toTime: 3 },
    { path: 'Router->Client', label: 'Response', color: 'orange', style: 'solid', fromTime: 3, toTime: 4 }
  ],
  legend: [
    { label: 'Request', color: 'blue', style: 'solid' },
    { label: 'Forward', color: 'green', style: 'solid' },
    { label: 'Response', color: 'purple', style: 'solid' },
    { label: 'Delivery', color: 'orange', style: 'solid' }
  ]
}
```

![legends](images/07-protocol-with-legend.svg)

Legends help readers understand what different colors and line styles represent.

## JSON Schema Reference

### Root Object
```js
{
  title: 'string',           // Diagram title
  lanes: ['string'],         // Array of lane names
  laneGroups: [...],         // Optional lane groupings
  messages: [...],           // Message arrows
  states: [...],             // State changes
  infoBoxes: [...],          // Information annotations
  legend: [...]              // Legend entries
}
```

### Message Object
```js
{
  path: 'Source->Target',    // Lane1->Lane2 format
  label: 'Message text',     // Use | for line breaks
  color: 'red|blue|green|purple|orange', // Message color
  style: 'solid|dashed',     // Line style
  fromTime: 0,               // Start time (number)
  toTime: 1                  // End time (number)
}
```

### State Object
```js
{
  lane: 'LaneName',          // Which lane
  label: 'State Name',       // State description
  color: 'yellow|red|green|blue|orange|cyan', // Background color
  fromTime: 0,               // Start time
  toTime: 1                  // End time
}
```
> Note: state may have a single time (i.e. Start time = End time)

### Lane Group Object
```js
{
  label: 'Group Name',       // Group title
  lanes: ['Lane1', 'Lane2']  // Lanes to group
}
```

### Info Box Object
```js
{
  lane: 'LaneName',          // Which lane to attach to
  time: 2,                   // Time position
  text: 'Info text|Line 2'   // Text with | for line breaks
}
```

### Legend Entry
```js
{
  label: 'Description',      // Legend text
  color: 'red',              // Color to show
  style: 'solid'             // Line style to show
}
```
